README.md, before:

# Codeception Drupal Module

This module aims to allow tests to use the Drupal API during
testing. This allows for better functional testing of your Drupal sites.

It also makes test driven development with Drupal significantly easier, as you can make assertions on items that you create through the UI.

## Installation

```bash
$ composer require chapabu/codeception-module-drupal --dev
```

## Usage

In your `*.suite.yml` file, add `Drupal` to your enabled modules list.

### Example configuration

This will run tests under the assumption that your Drupal installation is in a
`drupal` sub-directory.

```yaml
class_name: AcceptanceTester modules:
    enabled:
        \Codeception\Module\Drupal7\Drupal7:
            root: 'drupal'
            relative: yes
```

### Options

#### root
Accepts: `string` Default: `current working directory`

This defines the Drupal root in relation to the `codecept.yml` file. If this isn't passed in it defaults to the current working directory.

#### relative
Accepts: `yes` or `no` Default: `no`

This allows you to specify if the path to the drupal root is relative from the
`codeception.yml` file. Accepts `yes` or `no`.

## Contributing

### Coding standards

Please ensure all code follows
[PSR-2](https://github.com/php-fig/fig-standards/blob/master/accepted/PSR-2-coding-style-guide.md)
standards where possible (with the exception of and Codeception methods that
don't follow this already, such as `_initialize`)

Tests do not need to follow PSR-2 exactly, but should follow the standards laid out by the current tests (i.e. test method naming doesn't conform to PSR-2, but is more useful in this context).

### Tests

All contributions should come with relevant unit tests as per the rest of the
suite. For examples, look under the `tests` directory

#### Running tests - Linux/OSX

To setup for testing, run `$ composer testinit` followed by `$
vendor/bin/codecept run` or simply `$ codecept run` if you have Codeception
installed system wide.

The `testinit.sh` script assumes you have Drush installed system-wide.  This
will install Drupal using the username of root and a blank password to a MySQL
database. Feel free to edit this file should you need to, but please ensure it
is not committed back.

#### Running tests - Windows

If you want to contribute and are running Windows, you should just run the command contained in the `testinit.sh` script using the command line.

## License

The project is licensed under The MIT License (MIT).

Commit message:

Some words about the fork

README.md, after:

# Codeception Drupal Module

This module aims to allow tests to use the Drupal API during
testing. This allows for better functional testing of your Drupal sites.

It also makes test driven development with Drupal significantly easier, as you can make assertions on items that you create through the UI.

## About this fork (eelkeblok)
This repository has the first small steps in trying to get URL-based calls (e.g.
`$I->amOnPage()`) to work. This is impossible, so don't bother using this fork. 
I've actually issued a [pull request](https://github.com/Chapabu/codeception-module-drupal/pull/4) 
to the original repository to make an addition to the README to explain this and 
tie things into the official Codeception documentation.

## Installation

```bash
$ composer require chapabu/codeception-module-drupal --dev
```

## Usage

In your `*.suite.yml` file, add `Drupal` to your enabled modules list.

### Example configuration

This will run tests under the assumption that your Drupal installation is in a
`drupal` sub-directory.

```yaml
class_name: AcceptanceTester modules:
    enabled:
        \Codeception\Module\Drupal7\Drupal7:
            root: 'drupal'
            relative: yes
```

### Options

#### root
Accepts: `string` Default: `current working directory`

This defines the Drupal root in relation to the `codecept.yml` file. If this isn't passed in it defaults to the current working directory.

#### relative
Accepts: `yes` or `no` Default: `no`

This allows you to specify if the path to the drupal root is relative from the
`codeception.yml` file. Accepts `yes` or `no`.

## Contributing

### Coding standards

Please ensure all code follows
[PSR-2](https://github.com/php-fig/fig-standards/blob/master/accepted/PSR-2-coding-style-guide.md)
standards where possible (with the exception of and Codeception methods that
don't follow this already, such as `_initialize`)

Tests do not need to follow PSR-2 exactly, but should follow the standards laid out by the current tests (i.e. test method naming doesn't conform to PSR-2, but is more useful in this context).

### Tests

All contributions should come with relevant unit tests as per the rest of the
suite. For examples, look under the `tests` directory

#### Running tests - Linux/OSX

To setup for testing, run `$ composer testinit` followed by `$
vendor/bin/codecept run` or simply `$ codecept run` if you have Codeception
installed system wide.

The `testinit.sh` script assumes you have Drush installed system-wide.  This
will install Drupal using the username of root and a blank password to a MySQL
database. Feel free to edit this file should you need to, but please ensure it
is not committed back.

#### Running tests - Windows

If you want to contribute and are running Windows, you should just run the command contained in the `testinit.sh` script using the command line.

## License

The project is licensed under The MIT License (MIT).
